h1. slim3-gradle 

Slim3-gradle is a sample project using gradle as build tool and slim3 as framework.
Almost all of the project of slim3 products is built with Maven2 and Eclipse. But this project aims to build slim3 project with gradle and IntelliJ IDEA.

h3. LICENSE

<pre><code class="txt">
   Copyright mike_neck (twitter : @mike_neck / mike@mikeneck.org) 2012

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
</code></pre>


h3. prepare for project

* copy <code>build.gradle</code> to your project home.
* modify the group name to your project's home package. the description is at around the line 9.
<pre><code class="groovy">
group = 'your.package.name'
</code></pre>
* then do this command for preparing IntelliJ IDEA environment.
<pre><code class="sh">
$ gradle idea
</code></pre>
* after the commands project's ipr file is so available that you can load project into IntelliJ IDEA.


h3. using git

* this project contains the feature for creating .gitignore file
* the file is available via following command
<pre><code class="sh">
$ gradle gitignore
</code></pre>
* then you can find .gitignore file in your project home.


h3. generating Meta class

* this task creates Meta classes
* do this command after creation of your model class
<pre><code class="sh">
$ gradle gen
</code></pre>
* then you can find Meta classes are available in IntelliJ IDEA.


h3. how to build

<pre><code class="sh">
$ cd /to/forked/path
$ gradle install
</code></pre>

h3. The features

h5. THE THINGS DONE

* collect project dependencies
* prepare project structure (half)
* add apt-gen-model

h5. THE THINGS TO DO

* create web structure and its required files
* add some other slim3's feature. like...
** generate controllers and services
** gwt
** kotori-web-junit
* packaging components
* deploying archives
